hi guys its ally from job breaking and
um some of you guys requested I do how
to style a job breaking video um I
previously done one on our other account
draw breaking jewelry but obviously
don't use it anymore and I decided to do
a couple wore shirts and how many
outfits what's up so it's whatever i
don't know how many i did i think i did
like four or five or i'm honestly don't
even know so for the first look I'm
wearing our start living sugar skull
destroyed muscle tank top and I paired
it with this denim button up that i got
from Goodwill puffed up the sleeves on
my denim button up I think that having
any denim button up for fall is a really
good staple and it looks good with any
of our shirts and so just get that at
your local thrift store for like five
bucks and the liquid leggings I'm
wearing are from cotton on and the
platform sneakers are Jeffrey Campbell
there's a ho my god it's been cut place
in the homes I don't even know here I'm
wearing our dream aerobic fleece it's
literally the softest sweatshirt in the
entire world and it's so comfy I'll
wearing it with these edge of her junkie
leggings and you can actually go to the
website edge of urge calm and get them
for twenty percent off with the code as
HP JB so I'm just wearing it with some
white fans and it's just a really comfy
and laid back flip so for this look I
did it a little bit more dressy with
this floral skirt from Urban Outfitters
I just tucked in our tribe black
wanderer tank top and put a denim levi
jacket also from Urban Outfitters I
think this is a great look for fall
before it gets too cold you're kind of
just like transitioning into fall for
shoes I'm just wearing these really tore
up flax that i got from Urban Outfitters
years ago and I'm still wearing them
with our vagabond muscle tank I went for
a more 90s grunge look I'm wearing
shorts from american apparel and a
Chanel belt with a flannel from good
while i got for like three bucks tied
around my waist this spike bracelet is
from where declared calm they have
plenty of great accessories and these
bracelets are just bracelet that fans
have given to me i warped
or like something in the mail and I just
wear them every day and the bra that I'm
wearing is from brandy melville okay so
basically i'm going to show you how to
do a top bun i like to call it the Miley
bun recipes basically you're going to
tie our hair up but not completely tied
it into your hair tie and then you're
going to twist it kind of like into a
unicorn kind of worn you're going to
just like keep twisting and keep
twisting it's adjusting it I'm still
twisting it which speeds up christos
choices to us and then once you have
your little unicorn horn you are going
to wrap it around basically into a bun
shape tuck it in tight and then
basically you're just gonna take a hair
tie and secure everything and it'll give
you a top bun I'm still tired I have a
struggling a little bit still struggling
and there you go got my top bun my Miley
gun never forget and turn my shoes I'm
wearing my jeffrey campbell oh my god
again i have you enjoyed that video and
if you ever want me to do another one
let me know comment below a little
wardrobe malfunction they're all the
shirts can be purchased at job breaking
or I don't even own my own website did
all of our links and Twitter Facebook
Tumblr everything in the downbar below
and also disclaimer I'm not like any
like beauty fashion whatever guru on
YouTube but you guys were crossed this
video sorry if it's awkward and whatever
but I hope that helped don't forget the
new line comes out on october 18th lucky
number and can't wait for you guys to
see it yeah right peace out I